He is renovating the house.
Don't pretend to do that kind of dirty work anymore.
Oh right, forgot to tell you.
Curtin and I are about to get married.
This castle
It was he who bought it to use as our wedding room.
If the living room's entire assets were only one hundred million
Even this toilet cannot be bought.
How can he give you a sweet ice mansion?
I recommend you go and confirm with him.
At that point, I couldn't even get in through the door.
Impossible.
Forget it.
I'll call the living room now.
Leaves you with nothing to say
Manager Vuong
Ha ha ha long time no see, long time no see, ha ha
That's it.
Um, it's not convenient for you to put that.
Cost threshold of villa number 999
Done.
Got married.
Will definitely invite you to drink wedding wine.
Say it.
Ha ha ha, anyway, the owner of number 999 has never lived there.
It's not impossible to suggest staying for two days, ha ha.
Don't touch the owner's things.
Once discovered, we won't be able to eat.